Is Evernote a Software Line Product (SLPs)? a Software as a Service (SaaS)? Explain and Justify your response?
Answer:
For justifying Evernote as a Software Line Product or a Software as a Service, I downloaded the system (free version) which provides restricted services, and I researched to some of the online websites, reviewed few personals view towards the system for full knowledge of the system. 
I have concluded that Evernote is both Software Line Product and Software as a Service. Explanation for the conclusion is listed below:
Software Product Line (SPLs):
To define Software Product Line, it is a collection of multiple similar kind of programs using same asset. Same assets like software requirements, software prototypes, software architectures, software design, source codes, testing and software documentation.
Evernote is a software product line since it,

1.	Offers numbers of product: Evernote offers free and paid tier to the users.
Free tier: Free tier provides limited services. It can be used in a single notebook and 50 notes as of December, 2023 update. Each month it has 60 MB upload limit. 
Paid tier: Paid tier charges certain amount of cost. Paid tier is named as Personal ,professional and teams with plans of CA $13.33 per month, CA $17.49 per month and CA $24.99 per month as of 2023. It can be used for maximum limit of 500,000 notes in upto 10,000 notebook (Team Subscription). Also, Personal accounts have 10 GB upload limit, Professional accounts have 20 GB upload limit and Team accounts have 25+GB upload limit for each month, and include offline note features on different mobile devices. It also has ability to synchronize with unlimited devices.
2.	Customizable Features: Evernote users have different versions as per their needs. Organizations can use personal or paid versions for their daily functioning, team collaboration as per their specific needs.

3.	Share same assets: The product shares same technology and common platform for its different products. 

Software as a Service (SaaS):
Software as a Service (SaaS) can be defined as a service which allows user to connect and use cloud based services. Examples: Microsoft office 365, Zoom.
Now, to define Evernote as a SaaS, I have considered the given illustration:
1.	Cloud based services: All the data and information of users are kept in cloud, this gives information coordination with all the devices and also helps in backup and recovery process in case of data loss. 
2.	Regular updates: Evernote provides regular software updates with different new features and enhancement. During the process, it does not ask users for any manual upgrades or installation. It assigns the upgradation directly.
3.	Web accessibility: Users may use their notes and different information saved in the system from any internet connected device with their credentials. Users do not need to carry the devices for accessing the system.
4.	Business model: With a subscription based model it offers paid tiers i.e Personal, Professional and Teams with CA $13.33 per month, CA $17.49 per month and CA $24.99 per month respectively. Users can use different features and services as per their subscription.

